README.md, before:

# keptn Community

Welcome to the keptn community!

This is the starting point for joining and contributing to the keptn community - improving docs, improving code, discussing new features and use cases etc.

## Communication

- Send an email: keptn@dynatrace.com
- Join us on Slack: [keptn.slack.com](https://join.slack.com/t/keptn/shared_invite/enQtNTUxMTQ1MzgzMzUxLTcxMzE0OWU1YzU5YjY3NjFhYTJlZTNjOTZjY2EwYzQyYWRkZThhY2I3ZDMzN2MzOThkZjIzOTdhOGViMDNiMzI)
- Follow us on Twitter: [keptnProject](https://twitter.com/keptnProject)
- Participate in our community meetings

## Community Meeting

This meeting will be held every other Monday at
- 7 AM US Pacific Time
- 10 AM US Eastern Time
- 4 PM CET Centreal European Time

Further information
- [Zoom Meeting](https://dynatrace.zoom.us/j/578828410)
  - [Meeting ICS](https://zoom.us/meeting/578828410/ics)
  - [Add to Google Calendar](https://zoom.us/meeting/578828410/calendar/google/add)
- [Meeting Notes](https://tinyurl.com/keptn-meeting-notes)
- [Public Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=dynatrace.com_abjrh1ukf18ih477tb1ekag2ag%40group.calendar.google.com)
- [YouTube playlist of previous meetings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6i801Rjt9DZnx47VDHUFIBssSYR23_zu)

Commit message:

referecing code of conduct in readme.me

README.md, after:

# keptn Community

Welcome to the keptn community!

This is the starting point for joining and contributing to the keptn community - improving docs, improving code, discussing new features and use cases etc. For all collaboration and communication going on in all keptn projects, please read and follow this [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Communication

- Send an email: keptn@dynatrace.com
- Join us on Slack: [keptn.slack.com](https://join.slack.com/t/keptn/shared_invite/enQtNTUxMTQ1MzgzMzUxLTcxMzE0OWU1YzU5YjY3NjFhYTJlZTNjOTZjY2EwYzQyYWRkZThhY2I3ZDMzN2MzOThkZjIzOTdhOGViMDNiMzI)
- Follow us on Twitter: [keptnProject](https://twitter.com/keptnProject)
- Participate in our community meetings

## Community Meeting

This meeting will be held every other Monday at
- 7 AM US Pacific Time
- 10 AM US Eastern Time
- 4 PM CET Centreal European Time

Further information
- [Zoom Meeting](https://dynatrace.zoom.us/j/578828410)
  - [Meeting ICS](https://zoom.us/meeting/578828410/ics)
  - [Add to Google Calendar](https://zoom.us/meeting/578828410/calendar/google/add)
- [Meeting Notes](https://tinyurl.com/keptn-meeting-notes)
- [Public Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=dynatrace.com_abjrh1ukf18ih477tb1ekag2ag%40group.calendar.google.com)
- [YouTube playlist of previous meetings](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6i801Rjt9DZnx47VDHUFIBssSYR23_zu)
