elections/2022/governance-committee-candidates.md, before:

# 2022 Keptn Bootstrap Governance Committee Candidates

## List of candidates

In alphabetical order:
- [Alex Jones](#alex-jones)
- [Alois Reitbauer](#alois-reitbauer)
- [Andreas Grabner](#andreas-grabner)
- [Brad McCoy](#brad-mccoy)
- [David Hirsch](#david-hirsch)
- [Diego Braga](#diego-braga)
- [Suraj Banakar](#suraj-banakar)

<!--
### Candidate 1
![Candidate Name](static/candidate-picture.png)
- Company: Company Name
- GitHub: [username](https://github.com/username)
Description of candidate
---
-->

### Alex Jones

<img src="https://i.ibb.co/M5SLpD0/KC-CNC-NA-headshot-221027-Alex-Jones-2215.jpg" height="200" />

- Company: Canonical
- GitHub: https://github.com/AlexsJones
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/AlexJonesax
- Personal Website: https://www.cloudnativeskunkworks.io/

#### Description of candidate ####

Alex works as both a contributor and end-user of cloud-native technology. 
When not working as Kubernetes Engineering Director at Canonical; he contributes to CNCF TAG App Delivery as Tech Lead and to the Open Feature project on the governing board. He also maintains several other popular community projects.

---

### Alois Reitbauer

<img src="https://engineering.dynatrace.com/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fbackend.engineering.dynatrace.com%2Fimg%2Fresized%2F291%3Fwidth%3D220&w=3840&q=90" alt="Alois Reitbauer" height="400" width="400">

- Company: Dynatrace
- GitHub: https://github.com/aloisreitbauer
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/aloisreitbauer

#### Description of candidate ####

Alois works as Chief Technology Strategist at Dynatrace, where he leads all open source and research efforts. He is also co-chair of TAG App Delivery in the CNCF and contributor and maintainer to several other open source projects like OpenFeature and OpenTelemetry. Alois is the initial creator of the Keptn project and was driving most of the conceptual over the last couple of years. He is also a co-creator of the application lifecycle toolkit for Keptn. 

### Andreas Grabner

<img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/466782458868805632/0dloOCFt_400x400.jpeg" alt="Andreas Grabner" height="200" width="200">

- Company: Dynatrace
- GitHub: https://github.com/grabnerandi
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/grabnerandi

#### Description of candidate ####

Andreas is a DevOps activist at Dynatrace. He has over 20 years of experience as a software developer, tester and architect, and is an advocate for high-performing cloud operations. As a champion of DevOps initiatives, Andreas is dedicated to helping developers, testers and operations teams become more efficient in their jobs with Dynatrace’s software intelligence platform

### Brad McCoy

<img src="static/brad-mccoy-picture.png" alt="Brad McCoy" height="400" width="400">

- Company:
- GitHub:
- Twitter:
- Personal Website:

#### Description of candidate ####

---

### David Hirsch

<img src="static/david-hirsch-picture.png" alt="David Hirsch" height="400" width="400">

- Company:
- GitHub:
- Twitter:
- Personal Website:

#### Description of candidate ####

---

### Diego Braga

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/startup-grind/image/upload/c_fill,dpr_2.0,f_auto,g_center,h_250,q_auto:good,w_250/v1/gcs/platform-data-cncf/avatars/diego_braga.jpg" alt="Diego Braga" height="400" width="400">

- Company: Krateo PlatformOps
- GitHub: https://github.com/braghettos
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/braghettos
- Personal Website: https://www.linkedin.com/in/diegobraga86/

#### Description of candidate ####

Diego Braga is Product Manager at Krateo PlatformOps. Diego has spent last 10 years building open source architectures for customers, from embedded devices to large scale distributed systems. Most recently he has been focused on the open cloud infrastructure space, and in emerging patterns for cloud native applications.

---

### Suraj Banakar

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34534103/200751308-1aaa381e-c6fb-4773-9699-ed46b36594d3.png" alt="Suraj Banakar" height="400" width="400">


- Company: Acquia
- GitHub: [vadasambar](https://github.com/vadasambar)
- Twitter: [@_vadasambar](https://twitter.com/_vadasambar)
- Personal Website: https://vadasambar.com

#### Description of candidate ####

When not working on maintaining Acquia's internal Kubernetes as a Service platform, I contribute to Keptn and other open source projects. I believe in open communication, transparency, fact-based decision making and try-fail-learn loop. As someone who has made contributions to both Keptn code and community, here are some of the things I can offer:
1. Strive for what is best for Keptn i.e., do whatever it takes to help get the project to that next level
2. Ask (often difficult) questions
3. Act as a neutral party (my company has no vested interests in Keptn)

I try to be honest about what I don't know and I am always open to feedback.

Commit message:

chore: update Brad's candidates details
Signed-off-by: Brad McCoy <brad@basiq.io>

elections/2022/governance-committee-candidates.md, after:

# 2022 Keptn Bootstrap Governance Committee Candidates

## List of candidates

In alphabetical order:
- [Alex Jones](#alex-jones)
- [Alois Reitbauer](#alois-reitbauer)
- [Andreas Grabner](#andreas-grabner)
- [Brad McCoy](#brad-mccoy)
- [David Hirsch](#david-hirsch)
- [Diego Braga](#diego-braga)
- [Suraj Banakar](#suraj-banakar)

<!--
### Candidate 1
![Candidate Name](static/candidate-picture.png)
- Company: Company Name
- GitHub: [username](https://github.com/username)
Description of candidate
---
-->

### Alex Jones

<img src="https://i.ibb.co/M5SLpD0/KC-CNC-NA-headshot-221027-Alex-Jones-2215.jpg" height="200" />

- Company: Canonical
- GitHub: https://github.com/AlexsJones
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/AlexJonesax
- Personal Website: https://www.cloudnativeskunkworks.io/

#### Description of candidate ####

Alex works as both a contributor and end-user of cloud-native technology. 
When not working as Kubernetes Engineering Director at Canonical; he contributes to CNCF TAG App Delivery as Tech Lead and to the Open Feature project on the governing board. He also maintains several other popular community projects.

---

### Alois Reitbauer

<img src="https://engineering.dynatrace.com/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fbackend.engineering.dynatrace.com%2Fimg%2Fresized%2F291%3Fwidth%3D220&w=3840&q=90" alt="Alois Reitbauer" height="400" width="400">

- Company: Dynatrace
- GitHub: https://github.com/aloisreitbauer
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/aloisreitbauer

#### Description of candidate ####

Alois works as Chief Technology Strategist at Dynatrace, where he leads all open source and research efforts. He is also co-chair of TAG App Delivery in the CNCF and contributor and maintainer to several other open source projects like OpenFeature and OpenTelemetry. Alois is the initial creator of the Keptn project and was driving most of the conceptual over the last couple of years. He is also a co-creator of the application lifecycle toolkit for Keptn. 

### Andreas Grabner

<img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/466782458868805632/0dloOCFt_400x400.jpeg" alt="Andreas Grabner" height="200" width="200">

- Company: Dynatrace
- GitHub: https://github.com/grabnerandi
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/grabnerandi

#### Description of candidate ####

Andreas is a DevOps activist at Dynatrace. He has over 20 years of experience as a software developer, tester and architect, and is an advocate for high-performing cloud operations. As a champion of DevOps initiatives, Andreas is dedicated to helping developers, testers and operations teams become more efficient in their jobs with Dynatrace’s software intelligence platform

### Brad McCoy

<img src="https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C5603AQFH5usLz1hISg/profile-displayphoto-shrink_800_800/0/1614619219183?e=1673481600&v=beta&t=CgPi55H9TB4k09uwuRnGoT0_gKrR9lrvS8ZOHS8Dx7M" alt="Brad McCoy" height="200" width="200">

- Company: Basiq
- GitHub: https://github.com/bradmccoydev
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/bradmccoydev
- Personal Website: https://blog.bradmccoy.io

#### Description of candidate ####

Brad is a CNCF Ambassador and contributes to projects and programs in the CNCF and the CDF.  He spends a lot of his time mentoring engineers in the community.  He started his journey with Keptn by seeing the value of the project so adopted it, and started contributing to it and advocating it.  He works as Head of Plaform Engineering by day.

---

### David Hirsch

<img src="static/david-hirsch-picture.png" alt="David Hirsch" height="400" width="400">

- Company:
- GitHub:
- Twitter:
- Personal Website:

#### Description of candidate ####

---

### Diego Braga

<img src="https://res.cloudinary.com/startup-grind/image/upload/c_fill,dpr_2.0,f_auto,g_center,h_250,q_auto:good,w_250/v1/gcs/platform-data-cncf/avatars/diego_braga.jpg" alt="Diego Braga" height="400" width="400">

- Company: Krateo PlatformOps
- GitHub: https://github.com/braghettos
- Twitter: https://twitter.com/braghettos
- Personal Website: https://www.linkedin.com/in/diegobraga86/

#### Description of candidate ####

Diego Braga is Product Manager at Krateo PlatformOps. Diego has spent last 10 years building open source architectures for customers, from embedded devices to large scale distributed systems. Most recently he has been focused on the open cloud infrastructure space, and in emerging patterns for cloud native applications.

---

### Suraj Banakar

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34534103/200751308-1aaa381e-c6fb-4773-9699-ed46b36594d3.png" alt="Suraj Banakar" height="400" width="400">


- Company: Acquia
- GitHub: [vadasambar](https://github.com/vadasambar)
- Twitter: [@_vadasambar](https://twitter.com/_vadasambar)
- Personal Website: https://vadasambar.com

#### Description of candidate ####

When not working on maintaining Acquia's internal Kubernetes as a Service platform, I contribute to Keptn and other open source projects. I believe in open communication, transparency, fact-based decision making and try-fail-learn loop. As someone who has made contributions to both Keptn code and community, here are some of the things I can offer:
1. Strive for what is best for Keptn i.e., do whatever it takes to help get the project to that next level
2. Ask (often difficult) questions
3. Act as a neutral party (my company has no vested interests in Keptn)

I try to be honest about what I don't know and I am always open to feedback.
