mentorship/gsoc/README.md, before:

# Google Summer of Code in Keptn

Google Summer of Code (GSoC) is a global, online program focused on
bringing new contributors into open source software development.
GSoC contributors work with an open source organization on a
summer programming project under the guidance of mentors.

GSoC contributors accepted into the program receive a stipend, paid by Google,
to work well-defined projects to improve or enhance the Keptn project and its ecosystem.
In exchange, numerous community members volunteer as "mentors" for GSoC contributors 
to help integrate them into the open source community and succeed in completing their projects.

## GSoC 2022

- [2022 Project ideas](./2022/project-ideas.md)
- [Google Summer of Code website](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/)
- [GSoC Timeline](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/how-it-works#timeline)

## Participate

We invite GSoC contributors to submit project proposal applications in relation to these ideas.
Original ideas will be welcome and appreciated too!

### Apply as a contributor

1. Check out our project ideas.
2. Join the [Keptn Slack](https://keptn.sh/community/#slack),
   and the `#gsoc` channel there.
3. Explore the project ideas and find one or two that interest you.
   Notify us in the chat.
4. Join one of our [community or developer meetings](https://keptn.sh/community/meetings/).
5. Try contributing to Keptn. Some project ideas include references to newcomer friendly issues. You can also find links to the generic contributing guide [here](https://keptn.sh/community/contributing/)
6. Work with the potential mentors during the application phase.
   Do not hesitate to ask any questions in the chat.
   It may also be possible to organize special sessions to discuss the project ideas.
7. Make sure to submit the final application in time!

### Joining as mentor

We welcome contributors to join the mentoring teams.
Each team, if a project is accepted,
will consist of 2 or more mentors and one participant selected by the mentors 
and GSoC admins during the application reviews.

**Expectations**. Mentors are expected to be experienced in the project idea domain
and to be willing to mentor students.
We expect mentors to dedicate several hour per week during the community bonding and coding phases.

References:

- [GSoC Mentor Guide](https://google.github.io/gsocguides/mentor/)
- [Mentor responsibilities](https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/help/responsibilities#mentor_responsibilities)
- [GSoC Timeline](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/how-it-works#timeline)

### Proposing project ideas

To add a new project idea, submit a pull requests against [this page](./2022/project-ideas.md).
We expect project ideas to have a short description,
quick start guidelines and, if possible,
references to specific newbie-friendly issues.

Commit message:

Extend GSoC 2022 landing and documentation
Signed-off-by: Oleg Nenashev <o.v.nenashev@gmail.com>

mentorship/gsoc/README.md, after:

# Google Summer of Code in Keptn

Google Summer of Code (GSoC) is a global, online program focused on
bringing new contributors into open source software development.
GSoC contributors work with an open source organization on a
summer programming project under the guidance of mentors.

GSoC contributors accepted into the program receive a stipend, paid by Google,
to work well-defined projects to improve or enhance the Keptn project and its ecosystem.
In exchange, numerous community members volunteer as "mentors" for GSoC contributors 
to help integrate them into the open source community and succeed in completing their projects.

## GSoC 2022

Keptn participates in Google Summer of Code 2022!
We invite all pontential mentors and contributios to join us and to have a great experience this summer.
Our goal is to have great learning experiences for all participants.
We'll work together on strategic initiatives from the [Keptn Roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/keptn/projects/1)
and on new integrations highly ancitipated by Keptn users.

- [2022 Project ideas](./2022/project-ideas.md)
- [Google Summer of Code website](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/)
- [GSoC Timeline](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/how-it-works#timeline)
- [Keptn Organization Profile](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/programs/2022/organizations/keptn)
- [Keptn 2022 application](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MV7Y-_7vwgWfKwjDUemk_OOhQSt7qrp9RG9LSAQGGSE/edit?usp=sharing)

## Participate

We invite GSoC contributors to submit project proposal applications in relation to the [2022 Project ideas](./2022/project-ideas.md).
Original ideas will be welcome and appreciated too.

### Apply as a contributor

1. Check out our project ideas.
2. Join the [Keptn Slack](https://keptn.sh/community/#slack),
   and the `#gsoc` channel there.
3. Join the [Keptn chapter on the CNCF Community Portal](https://community.cncf.io/keptn-community/).
   We use it to announce project meetings and other community events.
5. Explore the project ideas and find one or two that interest you.
   Notify us in the chat.
5. Join one of our [community or developer meetings](https://keptn.sh/community/meetings/).
6. Try contributing to Keptn. Some project ideas include references to newcomer friendly issues. You can also find links to the generic contributing guide [here](https://keptn.sh/community/contributing/).
7. Work with the potential mentors during the application phase.
   Do not hesitate to ask any questions in the chat.
   It may also be possible to organize special sessions to discuss the project ideas.
8. Make sure to submit the final application in time! See the [GSoC Timeline](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/how-it-works#timeline).

### Joining as mentor

We welcome contributors to join the mentoring teams.
Each team, if a project is accepted,
will consist of 2 or more mentors and one participant selected by the mentors 
and GSoC admins during the application reviews.

**Expectations**. Mentors are expected to be experienced in the project idea domain
and to be willing to mentor students.
We expect mentors to dedicate several hour per week during the community bonding and coding phases.

References:

- [GSoC Mentor Guide](https://google.github.io/gsocguides/mentor/)
- [Mentor responsibilities](https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/help/responsibilities#mentor_responsibilities)
- [GSoC Timeline](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/how-it-works#timeline)

### Proposing project ideas

To add a new project idea, submit a pull requests against [this page](./2022/project-ideas.md).
We expect project ideas to have a short description,
quick start guidelines and, if possible,
references to specific newbie-friendly issues.

## How does GSoC work in Keptn?

During the organization application phase,
we defined the top level framework about the GSoC framework in the Keptn organization.
See [this document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MV7Y-_7vwgWfKwjDUemk_OOhQSt7qrp9RG9LSAQGGSE/edit?usp=sharing) for the details
we submitted to Google during the application.
Feel free toi ask on the `#gsoc` Slack channel if you have any questions.
