elections/2023/governance-committee-candidates.md, before:

---
linktitle: Governance Committee Candidates
---

# 2023 Keptn Governance Committee Candidates

## List of candidates

In alphabetical order:
### David Hirsch
- Company: Dynatrace
- GitHub: [DavidPHirsch](https://github.com/DavidPHirsch)

#### Description of candidate ####
Open Source Program manager at Dynatrace and maintainer for Keptn and the OpenFeature        community Repositories, CNCF Ambassador.

### Thomas Schuetz

<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/38893055?v=4" alt="Thomas Schuetz" height="200" width="200">

- Company: WhizUs
- GitHub: [thschue](https://github.com/thschue)
- Twitter: [thschue](https://twitter.com/thschue)
- LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/thschue

#### Description of candidate ####

Thomas is a Lead Cloud Engineer and Community Lead at WhizUs and has a strong background in delivering software and infrastructure. He is a CNCF and CDF Ambassador as well as Co-Chair of the CNCF TAG App Delivery. He is one of the minds behind the Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit, and former member of the Keptn Technical Committee. Furthermore, he is teaching Cloud Native Technologies / Kubernetes and co-author of the Book "Strategizing Continuous Delivery in the Cloud".

<!--
### Candidate 1
![Candidate Name](static/candidate-picture.png)
- Company: Company Name
- GitHub: [username](https://github.com/username)
Description of candidate
---
-->

Commit message:

Adds Ana for GC nomination
Signed-off-by: Ana Margarita Medina <AnaMMedina21@gmail.com>

elections/2023/governance-committee-candidates.md, after:

---
linktitle: Governance Committee Candidates
---

# 2023 Keptn Governance Committee Candidates

## List of candidates

In alphabetical order:
### Ana Margarita Medina
![Candidate Name](https://github.com/AnaMMedina21)
- Company: Lightstep from ServiceNow
- GitHub: [AnaMMedina21](https://github.com/AnaMMedina21)
Ana Margarita Medina is a Staff Developer Advocate, she speaks on all things SRE, DevOps, and Reliability. She is a self-taught engineer with over 13 years of experience, focusing on cloud infrastructure and reliability. She has been part of the Kubernetes Release Team since v1.25, serves on the Kubernetes Code of Conduct Committee, and is on the GC for CNCF's Keptn project, When time permits, she leads efforts to dispel the stigma surrounding mental health and bring more Black and Latinx folks into tech.


### David Hirsch
- Company: Dynatrace
- GitHub: [DavidPHirsch](https://github.com/DavidPHirsch)

#### Description of candidate ####
Open Source Program manager at Dynatrace and maintainer for Keptn and the OpenFeature        community Repositories, CNCF Ambassador.

### Thomas Schuetz

<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/38893055?v=4" alt="Thomas Schuetz" height="200" width="200">

- Company: WhizUs
- GitHub: [thschue](https://github.com/thschue)
- Twitter: [thschue](https://twitter.com/thschue)
- LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/thschue

#### Description of candidate ####

Thomas is a Lead Cloud Engineer and Community Lead at WhizUs and has a strong background in delivering software and infrastructure. He is a CNCF and CDF Ambassador as well as Co-Chair of the CNCF TAG App Delivery. He is one of the minds behind the Keptn Lifecycle Toolkit, and former member of the Keptn Technical Committee. Furthermore, he is teaching Cloud Native Technologies / Kubernetes and co-author of the Book "Strategizing Continuous Delivery in the Cloud".

<!--
### Candidate 1
![Candidate Name](static/candidate-picture.png)
- Company: Company Name
- GitHub: [username](https://github.com/username)
Description of candidate
---
-->
