mentorship/gsod/2022/project-ideas.md, before:

# GSoD Project Ideas - Keptn

This document presents Google Season of Docs project ideas
which Keptn contributors have proposed for this year.
Application guidelines and more information about Keptn
in GSoD are avaialble on [this page](../README.md)

## 2022 Project Ideas

- [Documentation assessment](#keptn-docs-assessment) 

<a name="keptn-docs-assessment"></a>
### Documentation assessment

This project would assess the Keptn documentation, to help us come with a plan for improving our documentation. In particular, we're looking for someone to look at the content organization, the clarity of the language and concepts, and to make sure it's as readable as possible for both implementors and end users.

- More info: [tech docs](https://github.com/cncf/techdocs/blob/main/assessments/howto.md) and [criteria](https://github.com/cncf/techdocs/blob/main/assessments/criteria.md)
- Slack channel for technical discussion: `#keptn-docs`
- Areas to study/improve: Technical writing, Documentation, English, Git
- Project size: 
- Difficulty: Easy
- Potential mentor(s): Meg McRoberts

Commit message:

Expand the GSoD landing and project description
Signed-off-by: Oleg Nenashev <o.v.nenashev@gmail.com>

mentorship/gsod/2022/project-ideas.md, after:

# Keptn in GSoD 2022 - Project description

This document presents the Google Season of Docs project
which Keptn contributors have proposed for this year.
Application guidelines and more information about Keptn
in GSoD are available on [this page](../README.md).

## 2022 Project Idea

### Re-architecting and improving Keptn user documentation

> Final idea will be published soon.
> It will be a combination of ideas documented
> [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/154zrnkUdUhyWyDB-Gs123JvbiYPb-zQDLaV2Oe0PC8A/edit#heading=h.ckoz6t2d3tab).

## Alternative project ideas

### Documentation assessment

This project would assess the Keptn documentation, to help us come with a plan for improving our documentation. In particular, we're looking for someone to look at the content organization, the clarity of the language and concepts, and to make sure it's as readable as possible for both implementors and end users.

- More info: [tech docs](https://github.com/cncf/techdocs/blob/main/assessments/howto.md) and [criteria](https://github.com/cncf/techdocs/blob/main/assessments/criteria.md)
- Slack channel for technical discussion: `#keptn-docs`
- Areas to study/improve: Technical writing, Documentation, English, Git
- Project size: 
- Difficulty: Easy
- Potential mentor(s): Meg McRoberts
