mentorship/gsoc/2022/project-ideas.md, before:

# GSoC Project Ideas - Keptn

This document presents Google Summer of Code project ideas
which Keptn contributors have proposed for this year.
Application guidelines and more information about Keptn
in GSoC are avaialble on [this page](../README.md)

## 2022 Project Ideas

- [GitOps for Keptn](#keptn-gitops) 
- [Keptn Plugin for Backstage](#keptn-backstage-plugin)
- [Improve GitHub Integration in Keptn](#keptn-github-integration)
- [Integration Service for k6](#keptn-k6-integration)
- [Jenkins Pipeline Executor Service](#keptn-jenkins-integration)

<a name="keptn-gitops"></a>
### GitOps for Keptn

The configuration of a Keptn project requires a lot of imperative commands, executed in the right order.


The idea is to extend the current Keptn and Keptn GitOps  operators for more management use-cases
based on the prototypes created as a part of the Enhancement Proposal.
Particular details are to be discussed in the project chat with potential mentors.

- More info: [KEP-67 - Keptn and GitOps](https://github.com/keptn/enhancement-proposals/pull/67)
- Areas to study/improve: Golang, Kubernetes, Operators, Configuration Management
- Potential mentor(s): Thomas Schuetz, Oleg Nenashev

<a name="keptn-backstage-plugin"></a>
### Keptn Plugin for Backstage

[Backstage](https://backstage.io/) is an open platform for building developer portals. 
As the website states, "powered by a centralized software catalog,
Backstage restores order to your infrastructure and enables your product teams
to ship high-quality code quickly — without compromising autonomy".
It would be nice to provide Keptn integration for this portal
so that Keptn can connected as many other tools. See all [Backstage Plugins](https://backstage.io/plugins).

A Possible solution could be a specialized plugin for Keptn using Keptn REST API and/or CLI.
It might be also possible to create a unified plugin for Keptn and other CI/CD tools, 
e.g. implemented on the top of the Cloud Events / CDEvents standard. 


- More info: https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/6407 
- Areas to study/improve: Golang, JavaScript, React, Backstage

- Potential mentor(s): Oleg Nenashev, Dmitry Meytin

<a name="keptn-github-integration"></a>
### Improve GitHub Integration in Keptn

GitHub is widely used in proprietary and open source projects.
Several GitHub Actions that could be used to interact with Keptn are available:
[sending events to Keptn](https://github.com/keptn/gh-action-send-event) or
[installing Keptn on a GKE cluster](https://github.com/keptn/gh-action-ci-prepare-keptn-cluster),
It would be great to provide deeper integration between Keptn and GitHub,
especially to provide better user experience for users.

Potential use-cases that could be addressed in the project:

-  **GitHub App Authentication Service** with support for executing GitHub REST API calls with GitHub App authentication.
   It is required for accessing GitHub's [Checks API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/checks) and 
   [Deployments API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/deployments)
-  **Support for triggering GitHub Actions** from Keptn so that it can invoke GitHub actions from its sequences and auto-remediation steps.
   See [Keptn Issue #2670](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/2670) for more details.
-  **Reporting application statuses to Deployments API**.
   It would be nice if Keptn could report deployment status to GitHub when performing Deployment and auto-remediation sequences.
-  **Reporting Serview Level Objectives(SLOs) and quality gate evaluation results to Checks API**.
   If Keptn quality gate evaluation is triggered from a GitHub branch/pull request (e.g. staging or preview environment deployment in GitHub Actions based CI/CD),
   it would be nice if Keptn coud report evaluation summaries to the [Checks API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/checks) 

Summary:

- Areas to study/improve: Golang, GitHub API, JavaScript
- Potential mentor(s): Oleg Nenashev, Brad McCoy

<a name="keptn-k6-integration"></a>
### Integration service for k6

[k6](https://k6.io/) is a modern cloud native tool for performance testing.
It would be nice to support it as a part of Keptn Quality Gates,
similar to the existing JMeter or Lithmus Chaos services.

- Areas to study/improve: Golang, k6, performance testing
- Potential mentor(s): TBD
 
 <a name="keptn-jenkins-integration"></a>
### Jenkins Pipeline Executor Service

Jenkins is widely used as a CI/CD automation tool.
It integrates with Keptn through [Jenkins Pipeline Library for Keptn](https://github.com/keptn-sandbox/keptn-jenkins-library) or
through the [CloudEvents Plugin for Jenkins](https://plugins.jenkins.io/cloudevents/).
It is also possible to trigger Jenkins REST APIs from the Job Executor Service.
At the same time it would be great to have deeper integrations with Jenkins as a Pipeline Engine.

Potential deliverables:

* New service that would support executing Jenkins Pipelines on a remote Jenkins instance.
  This service could also wait for completion and extract the executor results from there.
* Executing Jenkins Pipelines right within Keptn's execution plane so that there is no remote Jenkins instance.
  This feature would be based on [Jenkinsfile Runner](https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkinsfile-runner).

Summary:

- Areas to study/improve: Golang, Java, Jenkins, Jenkins Pipelines
- Potential mentor(s): Oleg Nenashev

Commit message:

GSoC 2022: Document Slack channels for technical discussions

mentorship/gsoc/2022/project-ideas.md, after:

# GSoC Project Ideas - Keptn

This document presents Google Summer of Code project ideas
which Keptn contributors have proposed for this year.
Application guidelines and more information about Keptn
in GSoC are avaialble on [this page](../README.md)

## 2022 Project Ideas

- [GitOps for Keptn](#keptn-gitops) 
- [Keptn Plugin for Backstage](#keptn-backstage-plugin)
- [Improve GitHub Integration in Keptn](#keptn-github-integration)
- [Integration Service for k6](#keptn-k6-integration)
- [Jenkins Pipeline Executor Service](#keptn-jenkins-integration)

<a name="keptn-gitops"></a>
### GitOps for Keptn

The configuration of a Keptn project requires a lot of imperative commands, executed in the right order.


The idea is to extend the current Keptn and Keptn GitOps  operators for more management use-cases
based on the prototypes created as a part of the Enhancement Proposal.
Particular details are to be discussed in the project chat with potential mentors.

- More info: [KEP-67 - Keptn and GitOps](https://github.com/keptn/enhancement-proposals/pull/67)
- Slack channel for technical discussion: `#wg-keptn-gitops-operator`
- Areas to study/improve: Golang, Kubernetes, Operators, Configuration Management
- Potential mentor(s): Thomas Schuetz, Oleg Nenashev

<a name="keptn-backstage-plugin"></a>
### Keptn Plugin for Backstage

[Backstage](https://backstage.io/) is an open platform for building developer portals. 
As the website states, "powered by a centralized software catalog,
Backstage restores order to your infrastructure and enables your product teams
to ship high-quality code quickly — without compromising autonomy".
It would be nice to provide Keptn integration for this portal
so that Keptn can connected as many other tools. See all [Backstage Plugins](https://backstage.io/plugins).

A Possible solution could be a specialized plugin for Keptn using Keptn REST API and/or CLI.
It might be also possible to create a unified plugin for Keptn and other CI/CD tools, 
e.g. implemented on the top of the Cloud Events / CDEvents standard. 

- More info: https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/6407 
- Slack channel for technical discussion: `#wg-backstage-integrations`
- Areas to study/improve: Golang, JavaScript, React, Backstage
- Potential mentor(s): Oleg Nenashev, Dmitry Meytin

<a name="keptn-github-integration"></a>
### Improve GitHub Integration in Keptn

GitHub is widely used in proprietary and open source projects.
Several GitHub Actions that could be used to interact with Keptn are available:
[sending events to Keptn](https://github.com/keptn/gh-action-send-event) or
[installing Keptn on a GKE cluster](https://github.com/keptn/gh-action-ci-prepare-keptn-cluster),
It would be great to provide deeper integration between Keptn and GitHub,
especially to provide better user experience for users.

Potential use-cases that could be addressed in the project:

-  **GitHub App Authentication Service** with support for executing GitHub REST API calls with GitHub App authentication.
   It is required for accessing GitHub's [Checks API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/checks) and 
   [Deployments API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/deployments)
-  **Support for triggering GitHub Actions** from Keptn so that it can invoke GitHub actions from its sequences and auto-remediation steps.
   See [Keptn Issue #2670](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/issues/2670) for more details.
-  **Reporting application statuses to Deployments API**.
   It would be nice if Keptn could report deployment status to GitHub when performing Deployment and auto-remediation sequences.
-  **Reporting Serview Level Objectives(SLOs) and quality gate evaluation results to Checks API**.
   If Keptn quality gate evaluation is triggered from a GitHub branch/pull request (e.g. staging or preview environment deployment in GitHub Actions based CI/CD),
   it would be nice if Keptn coud report evaluation summaries to the [Checks API](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/reference/checks) 

Summary:

- Areas to study/improve: Golang, GitHub API, JavaScript
- Slack channel for technical discussion: `#keptn-integrations`
- Potential mentor(s): Oleg Nenashev, Brad McCoy

<a name="keptn-k6-integration"></a>
### Integration service for k6

[k6](https://k6.io/) is a modern cloud native tool for performance testing.
It would be nice to support it as a part of Keptn Quality Gates,
similar to the existing JMeter or Lithmus Chaos integration services.
For example, the scope could include creating a Keptn Sequence step for invoking the tool for doing performance testing against an developer/staging environment,
and then collecting metrics though SLI provider (e.g. Prometheus) to evaluate Service Level Indicator and make a decision on further promotion.

- Areas to study/improve: Golang, k6, performance testing, Prometheus
- Slack channel for technical discussion: `#keptn-integrations`
- Potential mentor(s): TBD
 
 <a name="keptn-jenkins-integration"></a>
### Jenkins Pipeline Executor Service

Jenkins is widely used as a CI/CD automation tool.
It integrates with Keptn through [Jenkins Pipeline Library for Keptn](https://github.com/keptn-sandbox/keptn-jenkins-library) or
through the [CloudEvents Plugin for Jenkins](https://plugins.jenkins.io/cloudevents/).
It is also possible to trigger Jenkins REST APIs from the Job Executor Service.
At the same time it would be great to have deeper integrations with Jenkins as a Pipeline Engine.

Potential deliverables:

* New service that would support executing Jenkins Pipelines on a remote Jenkins instance.
  This service could also wait for completion and extract the executor results from there.
* Executing Jenkins Pipelines right within Keptn's execution plane so that there is no remote Jenkins instance.
  This feature would be based on [Jenkinsfile Runner](https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkinsfile-runner).

Summary:

- Areas to study/improve: Golang, Java, Jenkins, Jenkins Pipelines
- Slack channel for technical discussion: `#keptn-integrations`
- Potential mentor(s): Oleg Nenashev
